Thank you for the carnival sent by the mortal boss
What do you need, teacher, not yet?
I will come to you
Ok that
It's almost time.
Okay.
Family, this live broadcast will come here first today.
It's off the air.
Ye Xian
You are really my noble
Not only did it lift the limited viewership of President Zhang
And made me hundreds of thousands
The money my brother owes you
No need to return it.
This time I owe you a favor
Tell me how you want me to thank you
Buy you a bed
Or be your little daughter-in-law?
Isn't this how open women are now?
I'm a little scared
I'll go first
Monk, why are you here?
President Zhang, I spend 1 million to make your limited viewership of clear
Let him have no choice but to accept my pursuit
What do you mean now that you've lifted the restriction?
monk
I'll give it back to you, nursing dad.
Song Morning starts today
Already the top live streaming host in our guild
Pardon me?